CIRC-6314 Update IRONdb topo-helper documentation (#171)
circonus/docs: content/irondb/getting-started/manual-installation.md

        apiport="8112"
        port="8112"
        weight="170"/>
  <node id="c85237f1-b6d7-cf98-bfef-d2a77b7e0181"
        address="192.168.1.13"
        apiport="8112"
        port="8112"
        weight="170"/>
</nodes>
```

The helper script auto-generated the node UUIDs. You may edit this file if
needed, for example if your IP addresses are not sequential.

You may supply your own UUIDs in a comma-separated list, in which case the node
count will be implied by the number of UUIDs:
```
/opt/circonus/bin/topo-helper -a 192.168.1.11 -w 2 -i <uuid>,<uuid>,<uuid>
```

If you wish to use DNS names instead of IP addresses, you can provide them in a
file, one per line:
```
$ cat host_list.txt
myhost1.example.com
myhost2.example.com
myhost3.example.com
```

Then pass the filename to the helper script:
```
/opt/circonus/bin/topo-helper -A host_list.txt -n 3 -w 2
```

To configure a [sided cluster](#sided-clusters), use the `-s` option. This will
assign alternate nodes to side "a" or "b". If you wish to divide the list
differently, you may edit the `/tmp/topology.tmp` file accordingly. Note that
for clusters of 10 or more nodes, sided configuration is highly recommended and

> the helper script will default to configuring a sided cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the helper script will default to configuring a sided cluster.
```
Unclear from sentence if it will always default to side, or only with 10+ nodes.

Author: That's covered in the opening clause: "Note that for clusters of 10 or more nodes"

Reviewer: It sounds like a justification to me, not a condition.

Author: Updated again, hopefully even clearer.

##### Sided Clusters

One additional configuration dimension is possible for IRONdb clusters. A
cluster may be divided into two "sides", with the guarantee that at least one
copy of each stored metric exists on each side of the cluster. For `W` values
greater than 2, write copies will be assigned to sides as evenly as possible.
Values divisible by 2 will have the same number of copies on each side, while
odd-numbered `W` values will place the additional copy on the same side as the
primary node for each metric. This allows for clusters deployed across typical
failure domains such as network switches, rack cabinets or physical locations.

Even if the cluster nodes are not actually deployed across a failure domain,
there are operational benefits to using a sided configuration, and as such it
is highly recommended that clusters of 10 or more nodes be configured to be
sided. For example, a 32-node, non-sided cluster with 2 write copies will have
a partial outage of data availability if any 2 nodes are unavailable
simultaneously. If the same cluster were configured with sides, then up to half
the nodes (8 from side A and 8 from side B) could be unavailable and all data

> would still be readable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
would still be readable.  In a non-sided cluster, any two nodes being down results in a small segment of data becoming unavailable for queries.
```

Author: I feel that this duplicates the previous sentence.

Reviewer: It does.

Sided-cluster configuration is subject to the following restrictions:

 * Only 2 sides are permitted.

>  * An active, non-sided cluster cannot be converted into a sided cluster as
>    this would change the existing topology, which is not permitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Sided-ness cannot be changed after installation as
   this would change the existing topology, which is not permitted.
```

Author: "after installation" is ambiguous. I could change it after installing the software, but before ingesting anything, for example. Is there something about the original wording that isn't clear?

Author: I don't like "Sided-ness" (and I'm not crazy about "non-sided" anyway). I will come up with better wording now that I understand your intention.

Author: Updated.

 * Both sides must be specified, and non-empty (in other words, it is an error

>    to configure a sided cluster with all hosts on one side only.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to configure a sided cluster with all hosts on one side.)
```
